Last time we broke up.
I can meet you.
The wrong person is you.
The one who should ask for forgiveness is also a friend.
The next interviewer, Lam Cam, please prepare.
Who is the bedroom?
Oh, Lin Cam.
Why are your clothes so dirty?
Strict dust requirements
Dressing properly doesn't work.
The dream is about to apologize.
I despise the first.
See if you can give me a chance?
I can definitely do well.
Yes, my friend Yang Ming Yan wears long clothes, and I also broke up with my boyfriend.
Can you give him one more chance?
He was a man who wanted to climb the dragon.
Don't mess with me.
Go back to your hometown.
Your only chance to stay in the big city is over.
Now you're begging me not to come.
Maybe I can help you.
Go back to your hometown.
Go home.
Hey.
Who announced it in your friends circle?
Which family do you promise?